docs(Common): Revamp Getting Started experience (#3683)
telerik/blazor-docs: getting-started/workflow-details.md

slug: installation-workflow-details
previous_url: /getting-started/what-you-need,/installation/workflow-details
tags: installation
published: True
position: 15
---

# Workflow Details for Using Telerik UI for Blazor Components

This article describes the required steps to use the Telerik UI for Blazor components in any kind of Blazor application and any .NET version. The content below describes how to obtain the Telerik UI for Blazor components and configure your project to use them.

>tip The information in this article builds on top of the [First Steps with Telerik UI for Blazor](slug:getting-started/web-app) tutorial.
>
> The differences between the above tutorial and this page are:
>
> * The above First Steps tutorial describes the fastest and simplest way to get started with Telerik UI for Blazor. It is suitable for first-time Blazor or Telerik component users.
> * The current Workflow Details article assumes some Blazor experience and knowledge about the Blazor application structure. It requires manual configuration steps that help you learn about the pieces that enable Telerik UI for Blazor to work.
>
>

> > It's best for first-time users to start from the [First Steps tutorial](slug:getting-started/web-app) and then come back to this article. Developers who have already setup Telerik Blazor apps can use directly this article.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> It's best for first-time users to start from the [First Steps tutorial](slug:getting-started/web-app) and then come back to this article. Developers who have already set up Telerik Blazor apps can use directly this article.
```

> > It's best for first-time users to start from the [First Steps tutorial](slug:getting-started/web-app) and then come back to this article. Developers who have already set up Telerik Blazor apps can use directly this article.

Reviewer 2: **Awkward word order.** "can use directly this article" should be "can use this article directly".

> Developers who have already set up Telerik Blazor apps can use this article directly.

## Add Telerik Components to a View

> The Blazor application is ready to use Telerik components. For for example, add a `TelerikButton` component in `Home.razor`:

Reviewer 2: **Duplicate word.** "For for example" → "For example".

> The Blazor application is ready to use Telerik components. For example, add a `TelerikButton` component in `Home.razor`:
